DOCS-2845: update afterpay, e-invoicing, in3, klarna, pay after delivery testing details (#1826)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/methods/pay-later/klarna/integration-and-testing.md

Test credentials:

- [API key](/account/site-id-api-key-secure-code/)
- [Klarna's test credentials](https://docs.klarna.com/resources/test-environment/)

**Test a Klarna order**  

> 1. Send a [direct](/api/#klarna) API request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make a [direct](/api/#klarna) API request. 

```

**Receive an invoice**  

> You can only test the invoice process in your MultiSafepay live account. To do this, change the order status to **Shipped**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can only test invoicing in your MultiSafepay live account. To do this, change the order status to **Shipped**.

```

---

**Note:** You can't test:

- Receiving successful payment notifications from Klarna

> - Changing transaction statuses from **Uncleared** to **Completed**, except for refunds

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Changing the transaction status from **Uncleared** to **Completed**, except for refunds

```
